Project Initiation

Deliverables

Project Topic or Title
Rationale for project choice
Background research
Literature review
An outline of the scope of the intended system
A financial justification for project
A list of team members, together with their hand phone number, email and a copy of each members' CV.
An outline of the duties of each member for each stage.
A plan of your team's projected work for stages 2 and 3.
A plan of how your team is intending to monitor and control stages 2 and 3.
Minutes of all team meetings held during this stage.  
Project Plan                                             
 

Specific Requirements Stage 2.

Investigation & Analysis.

Deliverables

Data Flow Diagram (Use UML Use Case), containing all  processes, defining the boundaries of the application.
An ERM containing an appropriate number of entities.
A description of, and rationale for, the choice of prototype/system processes, supported by appropriate (Use Case Description).
A set of appropriate Use Class, Activity and Sequence Diagrams for the entities affected by the process to be prototyped.
Evidence of monitoring and control of actual work against planned work. 
                      

Specific Requirements Stage 3.

Requirements System, System and Final Report

 Deliverables

A description of the rationale for your database tables and indexes (2 - 3 sentences for each table and index)
Prototype demonstration. The prototype should consist of:
All databases, tables, forms, queries and reports are developed to a reasonable level of functionality (to be agreed with your lecturer). 
The prototype/system should be as complete as possible.
A prototype/system user guide.  
A presentation, to your lecturer, of your findings after reviewing the result of the prototype / system demonstration.  
Evidence of monitoring and control of actual work against planned work.
 

Due Date (Project I):

Stage 1 (Report) : 26th April 2018

Stage 2 (Report): 25th May 2018

Stage 3 (Final Report & Coding) : 29th June 2018

Presentation : 

Due Date (Project II):

System, Final Report and Technical Report: 

Presentation: 

Due Date (Project):

Project Initiation: 

Investigation and Analysis: 

System, Final Report and Technical Report: 

Presentation: 